hey I'm Justin with americanmuscle.com
and I have with me a classic muscle car
mod but for your newer generation ride
I'm talking about
MMD smooth aluminum rear window louver
fitting all 2005 and newer Mustangs if
you're looking for a retro or modern
styling part that's going to set your
ride apart from the others look no
further than MMD they've quickly become
the industry leader in producing cool
and unique styling parts for Mustangs of
all ages
okay so rear window louvers are no doubt
one of those love it or hated mods that
originated back in the 60s and 70s
muscle car era and can still be found on
a lot of today's modern muscle cars
taking a closer look at the louver
itself you'll notice a lightweight yet
extremely durable aluminum construction
just like those classic louvers back in
the day in addition it is then finished
off in a very sleek matte black paint
job that looks great as is or if you
wanted to get a little crazy
you can always paint it to match your
car for a total unique look now some
people may be concerned about losing a
good amount of visibility out of the
back window when installing something
like this and honestly it's a valid
concern however because the curvature of
the louver itself fits the contour the
rear window extremely well the reduction
in visibility isn't as bad as you might
think another one of the nice features
with this louver is the bracket mounting
system thanks to this you can easily
unscrew the four nuts securing the
louver to the window itself and then
lift it off completely whenever it comes
time to clean the rear window speaking
of those brackets well you do receive
four in the package along with all of
the 3m tape needed for the install now
you'll want to clean the four corners of
the rear window first using the supplied
alcohol prep pads and then prep those
same areas with the included adhesion
promoter just to ensure a nice secure
bond between the brackets in the window
itself when it's all said and done you
should be wrapped up in about an hour
from start to finish so if you're one of
the many Mustang owners out there who
dig the more retro themed items on their
modern Mustang then be sure to check out
MMD's
aluminum rear louver available right
here at americanmuscle.com
you